docs/multiplexing: overhaul plugin documentation (#14509)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/internals/plugins/index.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Plugin System
description: Learn about Vault's plugin system.
---

# Plugin System

> All Vault auth and secret backends are considered plugins. This simple concept

Reviewer: The terms `auth backends` and `secret backends` are legacy terms. We should be using `auth methods` and `secrets engines`. 

Feel free to ignore if you disagree. 

```suggestion
All Vault auth methods and secrets engines are considered plugins. This simple concept
```

---
layout: docs
page_title: Plugin System
description: Learn about Vault's plugin system.
---

# Plugin System

All Vault auth and secret backends are considered plugins. This simple concept
allows both built-in and external plugins to be treated like Legos. Any plugin
can exist at multiple different locations. Different versions of a plugin may

> be at each one, with each version differing from Vault's version.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: **Different versions of a plugin may be at each one**. "One" is considered an antecedent in this sentence and to provide clarity, we may want to replace 'one' with 'location' instead.
